RabbitMQ 3.11 Support (#7)
VictorGaiva/rabbitmq-stream: guides/concepts/offset.md

{:ok, _} = MyApp.MyConnection.start_link()

{:ok, subcription_id} = RabbitMQStream.Connection.subscribe(
  "stream-name-01",
  self(),
  :first,
  50_000,
  []
)
```

Or you can provide the `:initial_offset` option to `RabbitMQStream.Consumer`:

```elixir
defmodule MyApp.MyConsumer do
  use RabbitMQStream.Consumer,
    connection: MyApp.MyConnection,
    stream_name: "my_stream",
    offset_reference: "default", # defaults to the module's name. E.g. MyApp.MyConsumer
    initial_offset: :first

  @impl true
  def handle_chunk(%RabbitMQStream.OsirisChunk{} = _chunk, _consumer) do
    :ok
  end
end
```

## Offset Tracking

Altough the RabbitMQ server doesn't automatically tracks the offset of each consumer, it provides a `store_offset` command. This allows us to store a piece of information, the `offset`, which is referenced by a `reference_name`, on the stream itself. We can then use it to retreive the offset later on, when starting the Consumer.

A `RabbitMQStream.Consumer` instance automatically queries the offset under `reference_name` on startup, and uses it as the offset passed to the subscribe command. It automatically stores the offset based on customizeable strategies.

> By default it used the `RabbitMQStream.Consumer.OffsetTracking.CountStrategy` strategy, stores the offset every `count` messages are received. It can be used with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default it uses the `RabbitMQStream.Consumer.OffsetTracking.CountStrategy` strategy, storing the offset whenever `count` messages are received. It can be used with:
```
